[Page][Header] doesn't shrink button (#2262)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Enhancements

- Added `totalItemsCount` prop to `ResourceList` component ([2233](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2233))

> - Prevents `Header` primary action on `Page` from shrinking when title is too long and the button text is long ([2262](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2262))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevents the `Header` primary action label on `Page` from wrapping when the title is too long ([2262](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2262))
```
